V1.3 - UG (#181)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-W08-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* `search -g T02B R03C`
* `search -t friends colleagues`

### Showing assessment result analysis: `show`

Shows the in-depth data analysis of individual, group, and cohort's performance for assessments.

Format: `show (<index> | -n <student_name> | -i <student_id> | -g <group_name> | -a <assessment_name> ) [-f <export_file_path>]`

* Using `<index>`, `-n <student_name>` or `-i <student_id>` displays the information of the particular student's performance in all his graded assessments. 
* The `<index>` refers to the index number shown in the displayed student list. The `<index>` must be a positive integer 1, 2, 3, …
* Using `-g <group_name>` displays the information of the group's performance in all their graded assessments. 
* Using `-a <assessment_name>` displays the information of the cohort's performance in the particular assessment.
* Does not support partial searching. e.g. `T01` does not match `T01A`. Full name must be entered. 
* Entering `-f <export_file_path>` exports the graph produced from the command to the specified location. 

Examples:
* `show -n Alex Yeoh` displays line chart of Alex Yeoh's performance in his assessments. 

> * `show 2 -f` exports the line chart produced of the 2nd student in the address book. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `show 2 -f chartImage` shows and exports the line chart produced of the 2nd student in the student list to a file `chartImage.png`. 
```
